###################################
August 6, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of August
6,
2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we have updated the edX Course Staff Release Notes.

***************************************
edX Studio
***************************************

* An identifying name is now always included in the title of the Advanced
  Components dropdown list. If a display name is not supplied, the category
  name appears in its place.

*******************************
edX Learning Management System
*******************************

* On the Instructor Dashboard, the **Course Info** page now includes the number
  of students who selected each certification track (Verified, Honor, or Audit)
  in addition to the total number of enrollees in the course.

* For email messages sent from the Instructor Dashboard, two additional
  features are available.

  * On the **Email** page, you can now click **Sent Email History** to see a
    list of sent messages, and click on a message subject to review its
    complete body text.

  * When you review a previously-sent message, the new **Copy Email to Editor**
    option duplicates the title and body of that message so that you can use it
    as the basis for a new message.

**************************
edX Data & Analytics
**************************

* Daily event tracking data files are now available for download from the
  Amazon S3 storage service. Weekly, cumulative event logs will remain
  available for several weeks.

* A defect that caused session ID values to be duplicated for certain events
  has been fixed. All browser events, and server enrollment events, include a
  value for the session. (AN-2369)

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_ 

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections in this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.
       
* `edX Research Guide`_

  Recent changes include: 

  The new :ref:`Package` chapter describes the compressed and encrypted data
  files that make up a data package, the locations of those files on the Amazon
  S3 storage service, and the files that data czars extract from the packages
  after download.

* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_  

**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst